---
layout: post
title: "PYNT 24.09.2024 event invitation"
description: ""
date: 2024-08-29
feature_image: images/2024-09-24-pynt-event-2024/hospital-cover.jpg
tags: [meeting, workshop]
---

We would like to sincerely thank you for participating in the PYNT event **"The Future of Care with Socially Assistive Robots,"** which took place on September 24, 2024, at TalTech's Mektory Innovation Lab. Your presence and active engagement contributed to the success of the event and the valuable discussions and exchange of ideas.
The event covered important topics related to the use of socially assistive robots in healthcare and elderly care. We would especially like to highlight our panel discussion, where leading experts in the field shared their knowledge: **Kadi Lubi, Kitty Kubo, Liina Harjus-Soostar, Kristina Pärnaste and Merelle Tammann**. Their expertise and practical examples provided a deep insight into the potential impact of this technology on the future of care and social interaction.
<!--more-->

A big thank you also to everyone who participated in the live demonstration sessions, bringing the possibilities of the technology closer to everyday life. We hope that everyone gained new knowledge and inspiration on how socially assistive robots can support caregivers and improve the quality of care.
We were also delighted to see fruitful discussions and networking during the event. Together, we can move forward toward innovations in care and healthcare.
The slides used during the event can be found here:1727759971496&web=1

TIf you have any questions related to the event or would like to continue discussions, please feel free to contact Katrin Aasma at  [katrin.aasma@taltech.ee](mailto:katrin.aasma@taltech.ee).\
We look forward to seeing you at future events and projects that contribute to the advancement of care services. 